Study Management update for the help guide (#17)
camaradesuk/syrf_userguide_jekyll: study-management.md

---
title: Study Management
has_children: true
nav_order: 9
layout: page
---

# Study Management

> This guide covers how to manage studies in your SyRF project. On the Study Management page, project administrators can upload, organise, monitor, and update study references throughout the systematic review process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers how to manage studies in your SyRF project. From the Study Management page, project administrators can upload, organise, monitor, and update study references throughout the systematic review process.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please provide an overview / table of contents for this page (similar to how you have a numbered list at the top of "Preparing References" and "Upload Systematic Search".

Reviewer 2: The table of contents for the sub-pages, that it automatically generated is also at the bottom of the page - can we move it up and give some 'scaffolding text' to differentiate it from the ToC for the "Study Management" page itself.

## Accessing Study Management

{: .note }
> **Administrator Access Required:** Study Management features are only available to project administrators.

After selecting a project, click the **Studies** button in the left navigation bar:

> ![Study Management Interface](figs/Fig_study-management-access-1.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

Reviewer: Not sure whther these screeneshots are necessary- could we just describe where to click in the text without the screenshots?

Then click **Study Management** to access the administrative interface:

> ![Study Management Interface](figs/Fig_study-management-access-2.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

Reviewer: Similarly, not sure this screenshot is necessary.

Reviewer 2: If only keeping one screenshot - i would argue the second screenshot it better than the 1st

Author: first screenshot deleted. one screenshot looks okay to me, should we remove this as well?

## Overview of a Typical Workflow

> These are the steps in a typical workflow when working with studies in your SyRF project:

Reviewer 2: Typical workflow implies and order to which users should conduct certain steps. However, this section lists all the features/actions that can be completed with this feature/in this page of SyRF. Perhaps re-word this to remove the association with "workflow"?

> **Prepare files for systematic search upload**
>
> Start by preparing your CSV or XML files for upload. Learn about file preparation, deduplication, and format requirements in the [Preparing References](prepare-references.html) guide.

> **Upload systematic searches with the prepared files**
> 
> Read the [Systematic Search Upload Process](upload-search.html) for step-by-step instructions on how to upload systematic searches using the CSV or XML files you created.

> **Manage PDFs**
>
> Check [PDF Management](manage-pdfs.html) to learn how you can prepare and submit full-text PDFs to give reviewers access to full text during screening and data extraction. This involves preparing PDF relative paths and coordinating with the SyRF helpdesk to upload the files. 

> **Update data for uploaded studies**
>
> Use [Bulk Study Update](manage-studies.html) to modify existing studies that have been uploaded. This feature is useful for adding or correcting PDF relative path information and custom ID values. You can also upload or modify screening decisions made outside of SyRF, or correct existing screening decisions.

> **Calculate Risk of Bias**
>

> > See section [1.3 Run Risk of Bias Assessment](#run-risk-of-bias-assessment) below for detailed instructions on initiating risk of bias calculations.

Reviewer: Should we make it clear that this autoamted RoB assessment? 
```suggestion
> See section [1.3 Run Risk of Bias Assessment](#run-risk-of-bias-assessment) below for detailed instructions on initiating automated risk of bias calculations.
```

> **Monitor the background processes**
>
> See sections [2. Risk of Bias Assessment Monitoring](#risk-of-bias-assessment-monitoring) and [3. Job Progress Monitoring](#job-progress-monitoring) below for information on tracking upload progress and background processes. 

## What is Study Management?

> 

Reviewer 2: This is somehow the information that I expected to see under "things you can do on this page" above (what you have called workflow). Under "What is XX feature?", I would expected to see things i can do as a user in this section. Maybe we can combine them someone.

The Study Management interface provides you with the tools in the workflow described above. 

{: .note }

> > **Important:** Whilst preparing references and managing PDFs are essential parts of study management in SyRF, these steps are performed outside of the Study Management interface itself. Reference preparation happens before upload using external tools, and PDF management involves coordinating with the SyRF helpdesk after upload. We include these steps in this guide because they are crucial prerequisites and follow-up tasks that directly support the study management workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** Whilst preparing references and managing PDFs are essential parts of study management for a SyRF project, these steps are performed outside of the Study Management interface itself. Reference preparation happens before upload to SyRF using external tools, and PDF management involves coordinating with the SyRF helpdesk after upload. We include these steps in this guide because they are crucial prerequisites and follow-up tasks that directly support the study management workflow.
```

> > **Important:** Whilst preparing references and managing PDFs are essential parts of study management for a SyRF project, these steps are performed outside of the Study Management interface itself. Reference preparation happens before upload to SyRF using external tools, and PDF management involves coordinating with the SyRF helpdesk after upload. We include these steps in this guide because they are crucial prerequisites and follow-up tasks that directly support the study management workflow.

Reviewer 2: All this info in "important" section should be moved under "preparing references", it is too much information here. 
F

The interface contains three main sections:

### 1. Systematic Searches Table
Your primary workspace showing all uploaded searches with:

> - **Action buttons**: Upload new searches and bulk update studies

Reviewer: Need to make it clear what the bulk update feature allows them to do e.g. update screening decisions, update customIDs and update PDF realtive paths.

- **Bulk operations**: Select multiple searches for Risk of Bias calculations
- **Progress indicators**: Real-time status updates with clickable links to detailed progress

> - **Overflow menu**: View studies, delete systematic searches, run Risk of Bias assessment for a single search, copy the ID of a search

Reviewer 2: I would have thought that the information presented below in the numbered sections would follow this order - but it does not. I don't think it needs to follow the order of actions, operations, progress indicators, and overflow menu. Perhaps this section can be updated after the info below has been refined.

> Two main actions in the Systematic Searches table, [Upload Systematic Search](upload-search.html) and [Bulk Study Update](manage-studies.html), have their dedicated pages, so the guides for these are not included here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access guidance for [Upload Systematic Search](upload-search.html) and [Bulk Study Update](manage-studies.html) at these dedicated user guide sections.
```

The following actions are performed directly within the Systematic Searches table:

**1.1 View Studies in a Systematic Search**
{: #view-studies}

Click the icon marked in the screenshot to view studies.
![Study Management Interface](figs/Fig_view-studies-from-systematic-search-table.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

This table displays all studies currently imported into your project. You can sort, filter, and search this list. You can also view the PDFs if available.

**1.2 Delete a Systematic Search**
{: #delete-search}
> **⚠️ Warning:** This action cannot be undone. This will remove the systematic search from this project, and all screenings, annotations and outcome data for studies in this search will be lost.

> Click the red delete button (trash icon) in the Actions column: 

Reviewer: Should we call it an Actions column or not? Not sure what the answer is but maybe check with others in the team!

![Study Management Interface](figs/Fig_search-delete-start.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

> This will open a dialogue box for confirmation. Type the research name into the text field and click Delete to complete the process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will open a dialogue box for confirmation. Type the systematic search name into the text field and click Delete to complete the process:
```

> ![Study Management Interface](figs/Fig_search-delete-confirmation.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

Reviewer: I don't think "research name" is the correct term. Shoudl it be "systematic search name"?

> **1.3 Run Risk of Bias Assessment**

Reviewer 2: I think the Risk of Bias assessment should perhaps have its own "sub-page" in this section - e.g. after "Managing PDFs" in the left nav. There is a lot of information here. - If we move it to a sub-page we can also move the Risk of Bias Assessment Monitoring to this sub-page too.

![Risk Of Bias 3](/figs/Fig_Risk-Of-Bias-3.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

Click the button that shows the number of selected searches (e.g., "2 selected" in the screenshot):
![Risk Of Bias 1](/figs/Fig_Risk-Of-Bias-1.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

Now click "Calculate Risk of Bias for Selected" to start the process:
![Risk Of Bias 2](/figs/Fig_Risk-Of-Bias-2.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

Alternatively, you can use the ellipsis menu at the end of each row to start the risk of bias calculation:
![Risk Of Bias 4](/figs/Fig_Risk-Of-Bias-4.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

**1.4 Copy Systematic Search ID**
{: #copy-search-id}
Click the ellipsis symbol to access the overflow menu and select the button for copying the search ID:
![Study Management Interface](figs/Fig_copy-search-id.png){: style="border: 2px solid #ccc; padding:10px;"}

> **1.5 Status Indicators**

Reviewer 2: to be honest I don't really understand the numbering on this page... I would have thought that status indicators should be under the Job Progress monitoring?
